[16.0][ADD] product_category_product_qty (#1588)
OCA/product-attribute: product_category_product_qty/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module extends the functionality of product module to display

> the quantity of products and variants for the product categories.

Reviewer: As far I understand here only variant are computed, also suggest wording  to avoid to confused user with stock quantities.

```suggestion
the number of products for the product categories.
```
